[BE-3747] feat: SSO mapping documentation (#527)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/account/my-organization/sso-providers-configuration/okta-saml.md

When you connect your Identity Provider, please open a new incognito window and test the SSO integration. Please only log off when you can log in with SSO credentials. If the connection doesn't work, you need to review your settings.

:::

### SSO Mapping

> This step is optional. You can skip it if you do not plan to use SSO Mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is optional and can be skipped if you do not plan to use SSO Mapping.
```

- Navigate to the **Directory** section in the Okta Dashboard, click on **Groups**, and create the groups as needed.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-create-groups.png' />

> - Assign users to groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign users to groups.
```

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-assign-users-to-groups.png' />

> - Navigate to the **Applications** section, click on **Applications** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the **Applications** section and click on **Applications** tab.
```

- Select your application from the list and navigate to the **Assignments** tab. Assign the previously created groups to the application.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-assign-groups-to-application.png' />

> - We will store user roles in a user attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User roles will be stored in a user attribute. 
```

- Navigate to the **Directory** section, click on **Profile Editor**. Select the **User (default)** from profile list.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-profile-editor.png' />

> - Click on **Add Attribute**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on **Add Attribute**.
```

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-create-user-attribute1.png' />

- Add a new user attribute as shown in the image below.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-create-user-attribute2.png' />

> - Now, we can edit roles attribute of users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now, you can edit the roles attribute of users. 
```

- Navigate to the **Directory** section, click on **People**, select a user from the list, and then click on the **Profile** tab. 

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-edit-user-attribute1.png' />

- Click on **Edit** and update the user's role attribute. For example, set it to 'Manager'.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-edit-user-attribute2.png' />

> - We need to determine claim names for group and role. These values can be change via application settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Claim names for group and role need to be determined. These values can be changed via application settings.
```

- Navigate to the **Applications** section, click on **Applications** tab.
- Select your application from the list and navigate to the General tab. Click on **Edit** in **SAML Settings**

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-application-edit-saml.png' />

- Enter the Group and Attribute statement as as shown in the image below.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-add-saml-statement.png' />

- Go back to Appcircle, enter **Group Attribute Name** as ``groups`` and **Role Attribute Name** as ``roles``.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sso-mapping-okta-saml-ac-group-role-attribute-name.png' />

> - Now you can define group and role mappings. Please refer [this documentation](/account/my-organization/sso-providers-configuration/single-sign-on#sso-mapping) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can define group and role mappings. Please refer to [this documentation](/account/my-organization/sso-providers-configuration/single-sign-on#sso-mapping).
```
